[GEOS-10992] Make GWC UI for disk quota expose HSQLDB, remove H2, automatically update existing installations - doc update (#6909)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/installation/upgrade.rst

* H2 option under "Disk quota store type" and "Target database type" is replaced with HSQL.
* The default store type will be in-process HSQL.

> * Existing installations with in-process H2 selection will automatically be migrated to in-process HSQL. Old H2 database files will remain in gwc/diskquota_page_store_h2/ under data dir. You may delete those or leave them for a possible downgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Existing installations with in-process H2 selection will automatically be migrated to in-process HSQL. Old H2 database files will remain in ``gwc/diskquota_page_store_h2/`` under the data directory. You may delete those or leave them for a possible downgrade.
```
